This morning Mrs. Bradley is making peanut butter and cheese sandwiches, the children's favorite. She puts two bottles of apple juice for the children to drink. She is going to put the sandwiches, some cherry tomatoes and two bananas in their lunchboxes
One of the most alarming forms of air pollution is acid rain. It results from the release into the atmosphere of sulphur and nitrogen oxides that react with water droplets and return to earth in the form of acid rain, mist or snow. Acid rain is killing forests in Canada, the USA
There are a number of traditions for weddings that have survived into the 21st century. It is still traditional for the bride and groom to have their own parties the night before getting married. The grooms party is called a Stag party, while the brides is known as a Hen party
On the morning of the wedding, the groom should not see the bride. If he does, this is bad luck. The bride puts on her special wedding dress, which is usually white. She also needs to wear something old, something new, something borrowed and something blue
At the church, or registry office, the bride and groom exchange rings before walking together back down the aisle. When they get outside, the bride throws her bouquet in the air. Tradition says that whoever catches it will be the next person to get married
Seven of the federal legal holidays - New Year's Day; Washington's Birthday/ Presidents' Day; Memorial Day; Independence Day; Labor Day; Thanksgiving and Christmas - are observed nearly universally throughout the public and private sectors They are considered to be American favorite holidays
Let me introduce myself. My name is Mariya I am a 20-year-old student from Donetsk. I study at the university in my native town and my future profession is bookkeeping. I live with my parents and my elder sister Lena. We are a friendly family. Lena is 2 years older than me
We share our room and tell all our secrets to each other.We are very much alike: open-hearted, smart and merry. That's why we have a lot of friends. I like organizing parties for our friends as we often gather together, discuss our plans and have fun. My hobby is music
I play the guitar and write my own songs. They say, I have a nice voice. My family and friends often ask me to sing to guitar their favorite songs. Cooking is also my hobby. My Mom cooks very well. She has taught me how to cook a lot of delicious dishes from Ukrainian and Russian cuisine
My favorite dish is French soup, which I cook for the whole family. In the evening, I often watch TV with my family and discuss my plans for the next day. On weekends, I often meet my friends or stay at home and read books. I like novels by Dariya Dontsova